[Music]
so when we walk into the dining room you
should always look for you on the intact
because it's likely that the table has
been set very specifically says it you
said in the right place you should never
sit with your elbows on the table and
your hands on your lap it's also
important to remember that you should
never start eating before anyone else
have suffered eating so ever just start
using at the exact same time and it
should be led by the hostess you should
never hesitate to take the last piece of
bread or cake and when you do eat your
bread
you should never cut it or eat straight
from abroad instead terrible slaves and
butter each individual slice before
using it so if you do want to take a sip
of water from your water glass you
should always dab your mark are drawn up
and fast because you don't want to leave
any grease stains on your cup so when
you take out the napkin never ever tuck
it in like a bit that's one of the worst
things that you can do at a dinner party
instead you should lay it all in your
lap so when will serve the part until
right to do it ASAP fast and so since I
am
the relaxer I'm a piece of the last
let's even say that you don't want some
source of your friends say let's say
that I would pour some beach resource
for an outside in which case I wouldn't
pour it with a butter dish instead I
would pour it on the side us strengthen
our soup spoon like this instead of
cleaning them up otherwise they are just
a few simple things to remember which
are thickly filleted almost growing that
navigli T fast now that you can do mouth
man had never tried to talk to my
Lincoln and never leave the table with
food still in your mouth let's say that
I feel the need to cough or sneeze I
should excuse myself on the table and
leave the ruse that I don't stuff
together
excuse me friends I need to sneeze so
when we called you on April 4th you
should hold your hook in your left hand
and your knife in your right hand
so if you will cut with your life and
you don't have to switch over every time
that you then don't ask you something up
with your fault
we'll see you should always appears with
your fork and eat it downwards as
opposed to spoofing something up with
your fork when you finished it earlier
you should never pass over your plates
with the knife and fork still on it
because they might fall off and break
something say for example I actually
wrote this
if I accidentally passed over the butter
with the nice advanced on top and it
fell and a great point of my class so
here we understand now that an example
of food look at it complain about it
instead be quiet about it just think
even if you don't want to if you do end
up eating some of it and you don't want
it do you not make a big deal with
spinning it back onto a plate instead
you can use your napkin the quiet is
fitted onto another camera and put on
the side of it when spreading butter on
your bread always use a knife provided
do not use your big knife if you're
cutting fruit always hold it with your
fork and then cut with your knife
do you not just try and cut it with your
knife without putting on campus because
we'll probably fly over and hit
something and when you're losing your
life you should put it down and only a
little walk wait leave something on your
plate because you don't want to look
like you've been left hungry when you
are finish if you are not a member in
the household you should not come onto
your plate and if you all remember the
household you should fold it because you
expect me to come one day never sit your
feet so far under the table you end up
touching the feet of the person next to
you that is very bad and you should
never ever take back on your job
whenever the finish
everyone into